[music]
What's up everybody? We have a very
special show for you today. Apparently,
dreams do come true. I achieved one of
mine when I went on the Joe Rogan
Experience. The episode is live today. I
don't really get nervous for anything,
but I was pretty nervous for this. I've
been a super fan of Joe's show for the
last decade and so it was tough to
contain myself and lay low when leading
up to the episode. He had been texting
me talking about binging our show
American Alchemy and loving it. Joe is a
hero of mine. I think he's a strong
force for good and free thought and he
showed a ton of courage under fire
during the pandemic. So saying that this
was an honor would be a massive
understatement. On the show we talk
about all sorts of crazy from
artificial intelligence. It doesn't
matter whether AGI, you know, hits some
like perfectly touring passable point.
You're going to get this like these
weird cultlike dynamics like the meta
sociological thing is you're going to
get like religions dedicated to AI.
Oh, for sure. Oh, for sure. There
without a doubt there'll be people
worshiping certain branches of AI.
It's a secret science and I think there
is technology that is black technology
and science that is black science and
then I think there's stuff out in the
open. And so I think this has already
maybe happened in certain contexts and
you know super secret department of
energy facilities which I think it's
crazy to say that that hasn't happened.
You're saying that it only happened with
the Manhattan project and it hasn't
happened since. That's insane. There is
black science to exotic propulsion.
Gravity is out here hanging out by
itself on an island. So you have the
standard model quantum field theory and
you have Einstein's theory of gravity.
And the two are not reconcilable. It is
my belief that if you were to reconcile
them, you could create exotic propulsion
to UFOs. I saw a thing that looked like
a school bus. It looked like
like no visible propulsion. This like
sort of low humming noise or whatever.
It was maybe 50, 60, 70 feet high, like
above the tree, right above the
treetops. Those bizarre Nazca tridactyl
mummies that I flew down to Peru to see.
What do you think is going on there?
They break my brain. I don't want to be
overly sensationalist about this. If
it's a hoax, it's the best hoax ever.
And finally, the legendary Thomas Towns
and Brown. Towns and Brown's biographer
has him on record in a in a phone call
that is recorded saying the tests were
very tricky, but in the end, we got it
to work and he's on his deathbed. But
before you go and watch that, just wait
a second. We have a very special episode
for you today. Before going on Joe's
show, I had already been friends with
his producer, Young Jamie. Jaime is an
awesome guy. He knows a ton about UFOs
and is down some pretty crazy rabbit
holes, so naturally we hit it off. He's
also a huge golf fan. Serendipitously,
one of the best golfers in the world,
Victor Havlin, reached out to me last
year because he's a huge fan of American
Alchemy and happened to be coming to
Austin in late April. Victor is the
absolute man. Outside of being a top 10
golfer in the world, the sensation from
Norway is humble, down to earth, and
super smart. In his spare time, he's
reading Plato and learning about UFOs.
Let's all root for him in the US Open
this month. So, Jamie, Victor, and I did
a little golfing at Barton Pitch and
Putt when Victor was in town. They
watched me absolutely embarrass myself
as we discuss a bunch of trippy fun
topics. Without further ado, please
enjoy this week's amazing American
Alchemists, Jamie Vernon and Victor
Havlin. Oh, and one more thing. We just
launched maybe the coolest merch line
ever, which I'll link in the
description. I mean, just look at these
designs. We have our cowboy UFO tee and
our atomic space age tee. So, go grab
those and watch my episode with Joe
Rogan, but not before watching this
amazing special episode of American
Alchemy.
What got you into UFOs?
Dude, it's cool. Yeah. [laughter]
Oh, no. There's like a lot of evidence
there crashes and that they [music] have
anomalous stuff.
How much and how deep it goes is kind of
the question.
What's the deal about the the pyramids?
What was I doing wrong before? Like I'd
hit it.
Where do we start? [laughter]
Summon [music] the egg.
Summon the egg.
Okay.
Yeah.
Multiple different factions.
He has some conspiracy theories.
Okay. I don't even know if they're
conspiracies. [laughter]
Never thought about it until right now.
I might want to pull up my phone.
Pull it up, Jamie. [laughter]
He's like, "Fuck you."
My driver game is broken right now. Not
that I'm going to ask you for any tips,
but I'm I'm in a driver only right now.
I'll take a look, bro.
I might go till I run out of balls cuz I
know I'm going to whack it
[music] into weird places.
No, you're fine.
This is sweet.
All right. Who's first?
You're going first. [laughter]
You want to send it?
That's too hard.
Not bad.
That's fine.
There you go.
Just hit the shell first and we'll see
what we got.
Okay. Yeah, man. Not working with much.
Well, all right. Not bad. So, it's going
to run right down there.
What?
That's it.
What got you into UFOs?
Obviously, those um videos that were
released or leaked from the Pentagon
that came out
um
Gimbal and is it Nimmits? The other one
go fast. Yeah.
And then it's just been this like slow
bleed of listening to Joe Rogan's
podcast and hearing Bob Lazar and like
that's interesting.
But that was like the first
story or um
that I'd heard about it. And it's very
easy to go, okay, that's just one guy.
Just dismiss him.
Yeah.
And then you just move on with your
life.
But then you hear more and more guys
coming out like that and it's very hard
to just dismiss all their information.
Totally.
Especially when a lot of their um
stories like corroborate each other.
Yeah. you start to hear about the case
in Virginia or um Bib Grush mentioned in
1933 it was in Italy.
It's long been known that the regime of
dictator Benito Mussolini documented
numerous UAP during this time. This
internal memo from the Italian secret
services includes crude drawings of the
UAPs. It's true. It's real.
Yeah, that actually happened. Italian
government moved it to a secure air base
in Italy for the the rest of kind of the
fascist regime until 1944 1945 and you
know the Pope Pius the 12th
backchanneled that.
So the Vatican was involved.
Yeah. And told the Americans what the
Italians had and and we ended up
scooping it.
There's so many places where it's
happened all over the world. 46 in
Sweden they had ghost rockets which
looked like modified V2s and Eisenhower
sent General James Dittle out there to
investigate and there were like over a
thousand of these like V2 rockets that
seem to like be able to
move and and traverse in ways that like
V2s would generally just you know they
wouldn't steer themselves that much or
whatever and they would go like way
faster than V2s and so nobody knows like
what those are and
I don't know I guess I think Sweden
itself has like a lot of UF UFOs or they
have like a big UFO contingency and
there's like an astronomer there named
Beatatric Valale who's big in this
stuff. But
I don't know.
I don't know that. It just seems like
everywhere else outside of the US the
governments are like they're it's easier
for them to kind of keep that
information on the down low versus here
in the United States there's so many
people who
are anti-governor government and kind of
think for themselves a little bit. So
they push the narratives out there.
Yeah.
Um, but it is so frustrating because you
don't really have anything concrete and
like hard evidence yet.
Yeah.
Even though there seems to be so much
out there coming from your videos and
like the deep dives that you do, it's
it's unbelievable. And you want it to be
like you just want to have something
you want to believe.
Yeah.
But it's hard to just go like full deep
into it until you have,
you know, something concrete. But
hopefully that's going to come soon.
You're the youngest in the top 10.
I might be. I don't know to be honest.
I thought you were. You thought you How
old are you? 20.
You're 25.
Uh 27.
27.
Yep.
Uh-oh.
Sit, dude. [cheering]
Drop.
Damn. Just hitting everything far.
See Anderil moved to Ohio.
Yeah. Like we tech the giant spot there
for sure. Yeah,
the intel plant there is a little bit of
a situation right now, but um they have
Andrew.
Yeah,
quite a few data centers.
I guess there's like uh it's
specifically because there's like no
seismic activity.
Uhhuh.
Like no fracking, no other things going
around.
Yeah.
So obviously important, but
interesting.
There's also other stuff in that
neighborhood.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like what
I mean it's not a giant state.
So Jamie's from um Ohio, Columbus, Ohio.
Battel Memorial Institute
and Battel manages all the nuclear sites
across the US.
It's also very close to Wright
Patterson.
Yeah,
a lot of stuff has happened there
supposedly at least.
So, he has some conspiracy theories.
Okay. I don't even know if they're
conspiracies. [laughter]
Just truth.
Kick up there.
Go.
Wow.
Yeah. Nice shot, Jamie.
No. It's all right. [laughter]
Yeah.
Whacking old lady.
I know they're just there people all the
time. [laughter]
Unfortunately,
what's coming up now for for you? What
do you got planned?
Um, so going to Mexico and Peru.
Yeah.
Um, and then doing this I I interviewed
these Skywatcher guys. I was just
talking to Jamie about it. Have you seen
these guys? They like
Sky Watchers? No. They like
claim to have this thing called a dog
whistle, which is this frequency and
that attract
that attracts UFOs like 100% of the time
and they have sensors and they like pick
up a lot of weird stuff and
Okay.
So, I want to see what's up.
Wow. Okay.
Even more effective than the C5.
Yeah. Well, they also have that. They
also have like um psychic like they call
them neuritators or whatever and they
like try to summon
UAP. and Jake Jo he was this guy he had
a start for four years and then Jake
Barber when he came out joined him and
they had like eight classes of UAP and
then he he joined and they're adding the
egg is the ninth and they're trying to
get the egg which Jake retrieved or
whatever in the mid 2000s to like come
down
and like
to summon the egg
summon the egg. Okay. Yeah. Wow.
And like do it in front of everybody
which obviously if they do that that's
Yeah. That's got to be some of the guys
that should be next up if everybody can
do that.
Yeah.
On tape, please.
Yeah. Yeah. On tape.
All right. Damn. That's That's cool.
Where where they at?
It's a bold uh It's a mobile uh like
sensor unit, so they can set up
anywhere,
but they did operations in Palmdale and
then Finley the Finley Mountain Range.
Okay. Uh in East Texas or West Texas
actually. Um, which is a critique of
theirs is people are like, "Oh, it's
next to like sensitive sites." So, it
could be like, you know,
but it's not their [clears throat]
north or or no, it could be like stuff
like spoofing them or
could be done in conjunction with them,
you know. Yeah.
It's a bold claim.
Interesting. No, that's cool. That's
worth some followup.
Yeah, for sure.
[music]
Go in. Oh,
going to give myself Yeah, exactly.
[music]
Not bad.
No, put on the hill. [music]
All right. A
It's just pathetic.
[music]
There we go.
You don't have to name any names, but do
you talk about this stuff on tour at all
with anybody? Uh people look at me
pretty crazy when I when I came out
everyone was like what Victor
are you okay pretty much pretty much
I feel like you're good at spinning the
questions that you get back to golf
you're like yeah it's like you can't be
dogmatic with your golf swing either
like
but it but it's so true though it's like
in everything in life obviously I was
trying to connect it together but it's
like
you you have to question everything and
and
in doing so you find that either you get
rid of the beliefs that you have or you
believe in the things you believe in
even more deeply. So it's like I think
it's good to just be open-minded and ask
a bunch of questions especially to that
topic that
you're involved in. It's like you spend
more time researching it, you just get
more questions and it's it's so
interesting. And the implications of all
of it is
I mean if just objectively speaking if
that's not interesting then what else is
what else is interesting and nothing
else is.
Wow.
That's it.
Looks great. [music]
That could be pretty good actually.
Yeah. Pretty good.
This is a hard hole.
Just over that.
Jesse, did you see what he did?
Do that. [laughter]
Just copy him.
Nope. [music]
That's not bad.
Get up.
What was I doing wrong before? Like I'd
hit it.
Yeah, it's [music] uh Where do we start?
[laughter]
All right.
Yeah, that's better. [cheering]
Me.
There you go. [music]
Partner golf.
Most improved.
Most improved. [laughter]
It's a low bar.
Do you feel like you get to when you
travel you can like see the places you
go or are you like
it's
so focused?
Generally when I feel like I'm playing
pretty well and I'm trying more to
conserve my energy.
Yeah. I like to just find a a cool spot
in the town that I'm in. Or yeah, like a
couple years ago I was in London and
Stonehenge wasn't too far away. So, all
right, let's drive an hour and a half
and check out Stonehenge or
Sick.
Like in um
Ohio or Columbus uh for that tournament.
I drove to Serpent Mound.
Oh, nice.
There's a few things in I mean, you'll
be there like a month if you're going,
right?
Yeah, there's a
there's a couple things around town.
Yeah, there's some cool things there.
And it's like it's just nice to mix it
up and get away from the golf course a
little.
You're really into the like ancient
civilization,
dude. Yeah, it's awesome, [laughter]
man.
So, I liked your uh Graham Hancock uh
interview. That was that was cool.
I love Graham. You see his debate on
Rogan with Flint Dibble?
Yeah. Yeah.
What a name that is. [laughter]
Yeah, that was uh that was interesting.
But uh like in the moment I'm like, man,
uh Flint Dibble is like he's obviously
really smart. felt like it kind of
didn't get anywhere if that makes sense.
But
I mean, yeah, I just those debates
aren't like usually the best debates
even because they're really kind of
coming in not willing I don't think most
people are willing to like budge.
They're coming in to like say what they
had to say.
Yeah, exactly.
Kind of get those clips recorded and I
It's not a conversation of trying to
figure out what's going on. It's like my
side is going to win or Yeah. It's can
they just hear me say it again.
Yeah. Yeah. Now they'll believe me.
Yeah, exactly.
And it's just two different like data
sets like like Graham has his stuff and
Flint hasn't even like looked at it.
Yeah.
And then he has some slide with
two shipwrecks that like you know didn't
even happen.
He's got a good point like you haven't
looked everywhere. It's like we haven't
looked everywhere.
Exactly. [laughter]
Yeah. Yeah.
We know. As you know, I'm always on the
hunt for things that help me stay sharp,
focused, and full of energy while I'm
diving into life's mysteries and making
this show happen. And I've got to say,
Mudwater has completely transformed my
mornings. Back in the day, I used to
struggle with that post coffee crash.
And let's not even get into the caffeine
jitters. Mudwater gave me the smooth,
steady energy I was missing. It's packed
with functional mushrooms like lion's
mane, chaga, and rayi, plus turmeric and
cacao. all working together to keep me
focused, calm, and grounded. Honestly,
it's like coffee went on a yoga retreat
and came back zen. What I love most is
that it's not just about replacing
coffee. It's a whole new ritual. It's a
simple, nourishing way to start the day.
And I actually look forward to it every
morning. Every ingredient is USDA
certified organic, vegan, non-GMO, and
there's zero sugar. It's energy that
doesn't mess with your sleep or make you
question your life choices at 3:00 a.m.
Ready to make the switch to cleaner
energy? Head to mudwater.com,
that's mud wtr.com,
and grab your starter kit today. Right
now, our listeners get an exclusive deal
up to 43% off your entire order, plus
free shipping and a free rechargeable
frother when you use code Jesse. That's
right, up to 43% off with code jesse at
mudwtr.com.
After your purchase, they'll ask you how
you found them. Please show your support
and let them know we sent you. Keep your
energy natural and refreshing all year
long with Mudwater because life's too
short for anything less than clean,
delicious energy. What's the deal about
the the pyramids? What they discovered
underneath the pyramid? Is that just
like a a weird gadget that they're
reading that stuff or is there actual
physical structures underneath the
pyramid? I guess that's what they're
maybe debating.
I'm a little skeptical like this.
The answer is yes.
Yes.
Yes. What? All the above. What's your
take? Have you looked into
There's definitely stuff under the
pyramid. That's how much and how deep it
goes is kind of the question.
I've heard that too, but why do you
think why are you high conviction that
there's stuff under the pyramid? Well, I
mean just that people have like gone
under it and shown it on video, I think.
Yeah.
Like there's like at least a chamber,
but this new thing is like synthetic
aperture radar, which doesn't penetrate
below the ground enough to be able to
get
like these generators at that level of
granularity be able to draw them up. So,
I'm skeptical of this latest like
Italian.
They seem very, you know,
like I don't know if excited or but like
very like adamant about their point like
no, we did this is it.
Yeah,
we did find this. But I don't think
anyone's going to let him go dig to
check either though,
right? But can you not figure out a way
maybe like from you you dig a hole from
I don't know half a mile away and try to
get close to it. I don't
I think they've people have been asking
to go underneath the Sphinx for a long
time and they're not letting them do
that.
They think there's stuff under the
Sphinx. Well, the the minister of
culture in Egypt, Zahi Haw is like has
like a gatekeeper
clamp down on that entire area. He said
in the '9s he said there's stuff under
the Sphinx and then I think they dug
some really superficial thing and
they're like nothing to see here and
then didn't didn't like pursue it
further. So I there's probably some like
you know like planned obsolescence like
with like Apple products or something
where it's like it's I think they I
think they like to like dribble out like
the reveals for like tourism and they
don't like things that go against the
Egyptian national pride. Like if
something predates Egypt that's not
good.
They can't claim it.
They can't claim it. So I think it's
like too much all at once is kind of a
threat to them. Do you think there's uh
do you think they know kind of the the
bigger history of the pyramids, but
they're not deciding to release it or is
it like
I don't they I don't think they fully
know like but
I don't know. I believe the like Graham
Hancock and Robert Shock, John Anthony
West theories that like limestone damage
on the Sphinx
shows that it predates, you know,
whatever it was the the old kingdom or,
you know, 5,000 years ago or whatever.
And you know, maybe there was a tropical
climate at that time and then maybe the
feronic headdress was like retrofitted
onto this like older structure. But
beyond that, I think there's decent
evidence actually that the pyramids
themselves were built
uh during the ancient Egypt. So I I
don't know. What do you think?
I'm
without going Yeah, somewhere like that.
I don't know. I was just trying to think
in my head. Could be a silly question.
I'm like, nowhere in the Bible do they
talk about the pyramids, do they? But I
don't I don't know. That's kind of I
should probably have Google in front of
me to have that kind of
I don't think so. No.
So, it has to be
2 to 3,000. But that's what Why wouldn't
they? Or did they just not
They could have easily just taken those
passages out if they didn't want it in
there. I don't know. That's just a
thought I just had. Literally,
the Jews were slaves. But then, yeah.
Were they are there
because they don't talk about building
them either. like we were being used to
build this giant structure,
right?
And we're tired of it.
Maybe they didn't know what was going on
in Egypt cuz they were obviously in the
Middle East. So, it's like it's pretty
far away. But you would think they
that were
I don't know though. There's that uh
but it was in Egypt like the Exodus was
they say it's this is speculation under
Ramsy's II in Egypt. And
so, but then I Yeah, I don't know if
they talk about pyramids.
I just I' never thought about it till
right now. I might want to pull out my
phone and pull it up.
Chat GBT.
Pull it up, Jamie. [laughter]
That's mentioned in the Bible.
[clears throat]
He's like, "Fuck [laughter] you."
GBT.
Oh, yeah. Okay.
Yay.
Go, go, go, go.
Yeah. Was that um Harold Maldgrren video
that you did? Was that maybe the
craziest one that you've done or
I think so.
I kind of think so cuz it's like hard to
argue with his credentials.
Yeah.
Like they're kind of unimpeachable, you
know, like I mean
maybe now last they changed the
Wikipedia page.
It's so crazy. It's insane. They
literally changed. Did you see this,
Jamie? Yeah,
they uh they literally changed him from
like top presidential aid uh you know
JFK LBJ Nixon Ford to like American
writer and lobbyist and said he was like
part of the Japanese whailing lobby and
like and then involved, you know,
involved in some other scandal or what.
It's insane. And if you hear him speak
like to any discerning person, you're
like
he was an extremely like elite player in
politics. like you just know, you hear
how sophisticated he is.
It's just insane. But um so yeah, I
think I think so. Like I I thought about
it after that and I'm like
how much deeper can you get without like
unveiling a saucer in a hanger, you
know?
Yeah. Yeah. And I could I I don't have
the knowledge that you do, but I could
see that in that interview as he's
talking, you're just like making all
these connections like with certain
things that he's saying and the people
that he's been around. It was like it
was just pretty cool to watch from like
an outsers's perspective.
I was like, "What the fuck?" Like he the
magenta thing.
Yeah. What else did Richard Bissell tell
you?
He said this didn't start last week.
This has been going on.
He mentioned that 1933
magenta.
He did.
Yes.
Richard Bissell mentioned the 1933
magenta crash.
Yes.
That's amazing.
Exactly.
That is such corroboration cuz that is a
highly conflicted, you know, account.
1933 was the first recovery in Europe in
uh Magenta, Italy.
I fully trust David Grush, but that's
amazing that there's some corroboration
from back then.
He mentioned it. Wow. It's pretty crazy
the the bluegill triple prime test like
there's so much data around that
probably involving some sort of
anomalous object this guy Jeffrey
Kruchank went really deep into but then
it's also tough it's like he said like
he said majestic that word like from the
majestic 12
and then I didn't even Nick was actually
filming it and like I didn't even hear
that
we had to transcribe it later cuz his he
he survived throat cancer 12 years ago
wow and his voice is not good And so he
said that on the phone to me and if I
had more time with him I would have
asked him a hundred questions about
that.
So he could have been using that in its
counter intel context like just
referring to
some group but like
he didn't want to say the name of the
group or whatever.
So it's just it's hard to say on some of
the stuff like I wish I had more more
time with him but
but still like
and and the fact that they changed his
Wikipedia right after like that makes
you pretty conspiratorial when you see
stuff like that. I mean, like, why would
you do that?
Yeah.
For no other reason than to discredit
what the man said.
Totally. You can come up with these like
meta games that they could be playing
where it's like they want to show he's
credible by by like faking some
detraction on it, but it's it's crazy.
At a certain point, you're like, I think
the guy you just take it at face value
or whatever. And then there are other
things like he's at the end of his life
and like you don't always remember
everything perfectly correctly but like
I don't know if you add up the fact that
Richard Bissell who like literally like
was the designer of Area 51 like was
briefing him on other world technologies
and then you know he's holding the thing
Lawrence I mean we should ask Jeff Bezos
like because that's his grandfather that
gave him the
the UAP material or whatever.
So uh
what a crazy connection. How crazy is
that?
So, this is kind of a weird question,
but if Jeff Jeff Bezos has connection to
the intelligence uh community and like
maybe they know something that most
people don't. Yeah. Like why are
him and like Elon out there shooting
chemical rockets into space. Like if
they have more advanced
technology or crafts, like why are they
pushing it in that direction?
Yeah. I I think about this a lot and
like I I think if they do have stuff,
which I do think they have stuff, I
don't think they know how to use it.
And I think if there are SCOPs, it's
like convincing people they do or
something. It's like softening the enemy
or
I wouldn't imagine they test that like
every week or every night. They might be
like every six months like, "All right,
we've got a test. Everybody's in place.
We're going to do it at like 3:00 a.m.
to 5:30 a.m.
Yeah. and we'll get back next week and
we'll see. Oh they saw it. Ah,
[laughter] no. No. Delete. Like what's
supposed to happen? How' they see it?
Who saw it?
Now let's pivot in this direction.
Yeah. All right, stop. We have to three
months later we have to take a break.
That's also a little bit too extreme,
too. Like it can't just be that either.
Yeah,
but the like the only You don't have a
ton of evidence that they know how to
use this stuff. It's like Bob Lazar, Dan
Berish, you have like a few possible
data points and then otherwise there's
like I think a lot of evidence there
crashes and that they have anomalous
stuff and then it could be like a USB
drive for like a caveman where it's like
even if they know how to use it, you
have no idea.
Even if you know to use it doesn't mean
you know how to make it or deconstruct
it or
recharge it,
right?
Refuel it, you know? Who know like
I don't know. Who knows really? I guess
what what on the physics sides do you
find the most uh convincing? Cuz it
seems like there's potentially a lot of
different ways to get to kind of the
same outcome of technology.
Yeah.
But a lot of at least the physicists
that I'd like to listen to or have
thoughts of they they come at it from
many different angles and it's like
which one's correct and like can you
test it? Can you try it? I think it's
hard to say like you have all these like
EM drive and like alubi warp drive and
you have like how put offs like
electrically polarized vacuum you have
like a million different frameworks but
I like to start cuz I'm dumb on the
physics level like with the
doesn't seem like it but
no really like you know I could like
barely keep up but like I think finding
like the the like initial effect that
was like an anomaly that got classified
is like probably the best starting point
and I think this guy Towns and Brown
figured out basically a way to
manipulate gravity with electromagnetism
and then a lot stems from that that's
like more sophisticated. So I I like to
like start there.
Yeah.
But I don't know. I'm sure they're like
way more advanced at this point.
Um
yeah, you would think so or you would
hope so.
I think so.
Yeah.
And there's like I don't know like
aerospace gray beards that I speak to
and I bring up brown and that sort of
thing. They're like, you know, we can't
say but like wink wink nudge nudge like
or it's the opposite where they're like
bizarrely like aggressively like there's
definitely nothing there. I saw your
video but there's nothing there. And
it's like why are you watching my video
like you're like [laughter]
you're like some like wacky like exact
or something. You have there's so many
physicists that are talking about like
okay advanced whatever technology and
you can
use a quantum vacuum or whatever the
word that they're trying to say and then
you have so many other
scientists whatever the establishment
that are just fully materialistic and uh
any anomaly that we see is just prosaic
or conventional and it's like why do you
have such there's such a big divide and
it's like it's I even listened to
uh a lobe on uh your buddy Chris
Ramsey Chris Ramsey He did a great job.
Yeah. And like I I love listening to
Obby, but even he is like he's trying to
find aliens and he's like I haven't seen
anything. I don't believe in anything
else outside of that. So it's just
interesting how you can have one faction
of people, particularly the people
working for government.
But Obby also comes from like an
intelligence background. He worked on
the worked on Star Wars. Yeah. Like
I thought he said that he didn't in that
u uh podcast, but I might have listened
wrong.
No, I'm pretty sure it was what Star
Wars. Yeah, maybe I I I think so. May
maybe I'm wrong, but um I I wonder if he
knows a little more than he left or he
said the high mesh like did you hear
that high mesh? So this guy like ran the
Israeli space force and he's like
there's a galactic Federation and we're
working with like aliens on Mar like
crazy and he's like I think he
knows that from his intelligence
background and I'm like how would you
know that?
This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. If
you are going through something,
anything, I always think talking about
it helps. I've also always believed that
taking care of your mental well-being is
as essential as staying physically fit,
especially when life keeps you on the
go. For me, it's interviews, projects,
and travel. Sometimes you just need to
blow off some steam. I've seen firsthand
how a solid support system can transform
your dayto-day. Traditional therapy
costs anywhere from $100 to $250 per
session. It often takes a lot of time to
book the sessions. It's hard to know
who's a quality therapist. BetterHelp
makes weekly therapy perfectly
accessible with a flat weekly fee that
saves you a lot of time and money. You
get instantly matched up with an amazing
therapist and you can vet them based on
their track record. What I really
appreciate is how easy it is to connect
with one of BetterHelp's over 30,000
licensed therapists. No waiting rooms,
no rigid scheduling, just guidance and
support delivered online. Whether you're
tackling everyday stress, managing
anxiety, or simply looking to build
better coping skills, don't let these
things fester or build up, BetterHelp
provides a straightforward, affordable
way to get the care you deserve. Your
well-being is worth it. It's the most
important thing in your life, even more
important than aliens. So, visit
betterhelp.com/alchemy
pod today to get 10% off your first
month. That's betterh elp.comalchemy
pod. Alc.
After you sign up, they'll ask you where
you heard about them. Please support our
show and tell them we sent you. That
would go a long way.
McGonagle.
McMonagle.
McMonagle. Yeah,
you're the CIA remote viewer.
Yeah, [laughter]
that was that was a wild,
dude. Cuz he pulled out on your Here we
go.
All right.
Aliens are coming. down. They got us
[laughter] in the train.
Uh
but but
yeah,
remote viewing millions of years ago,
Mars.
Yeah.
But then also they say that like only
30% of what they were seeing was
accurate.
Yeah, for sure. And and some of the
images he showed me I like debunked.
Like some of them are not legit. So
who's to I don't know. But the Mar the
Mars thing, I think it's actually
dogmatic and crazy to say 0% chance that
there was life on Mars. You have the
water caverns. You have the like the
excess of like argon.
The only thing I have I've read and I
don't believe it's true is that the uh
the current rover up there wasn't
equipped with anything to actually look
for signs of life. It's just got like
cameras and it's looking for other
stuff. Like the goal wasn't to look for
life.
Interesting. For the same reason I'm I
heard someone talking about the mood
landing stuff again recently. I'm like
you're going through this whole process
and you have to also film it because no
one believes you.
Exactly.
It's kind of a tough process and thought
process to get through cuz like you're
doing all the
have to go don't care film it. That's
not my I'm here to like make sure the
rocket goes and doesn't explode and we
get there and we get back and these
other guys like you got to film it.
No one's going to believe you.
Yeah.
It's [laughter] a kind I'm starting to
like it's a tough I still believe in the
moon landing and all that but like it's
still a weird thing. Like
you don't believe uh Barty Cyrell or
what? [laughter]
Joe does.
I don't even know if he does. It's just
a fun conversation to have.
It is a fun conversation.
That's really a lot of it's just fun.
Joe Joe was arguing with uh who was it?
Dave Smith or
Well, he Joe was really into it at one
point.
Yeah.
And he's just back and for I think like
we've talked about like just depends on
the day you wake up. You're like where
am I at today? Like I'm a little more
this way today. Yeah.
Yeah.
That's so keeps it interesting.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh, Jesus.
Come back. Right.
We got on one green. [laughter]
Sorry.
When's your next tournament?
Next week.
Oh, is it? Okay. So, you have the week
off and then Yep.
Go to Philadelphia and then it's
Charlotte and then to Memorial. Nice.
If you want to get good at golf.
Yeah.
Stay friends with him. [laughter] Two
hidden tips.
I like that. Just act like it doesn't
exist. Woo.
Oh, that's really good.
Look at that, dude. Crazy. [music]
That was insane.
So, it's a 100. You have a perfect 100
shot then. Yeah. It's right in your
head.
Yeah. It was uh I had a club up for that
one.
That's needs to sit though.
Bounce right.
Come on. Yeah, dude. Come on.
Come on down.
Oh, let's go.
Uh-oh. Get through.
Where'd it go? I don't even see it.
Just dropped down right down the bottom
of the tree.
Oh, it didn't get through. Fun day you
can have.
Yeah, the vibe is sweet.
Nice.
[cheering]
Good shot. [applause]
How [music] did uh you two get linked
up?
Um I mean just through it was osmosis.
It would have happened eventually. Yeah,
I think one of his videos I found I just
found his videos and I DM' him after one
of them.
Yeah.
And then the link the real link was
after Townson Brown video. I don't know
if you watched that one.
Yeah.
We were already talking and I texted
him. I was like, "Are you telling me
that Doc Brown had a moment of like
lightning [laughter] and drove back to
his lab in Pasadena and created time
travel? [laughter]
Sounds like Back to the Future, dude."
And he was like, "Holy you're
right." And then [laughter] he googled
some stuff and he got back to me was
like and there's even more that you
don't know. And I was like, "Okay."
Oh, wow.
That's weird. That's weird.
Hi, Jesse. Let's go.
I think Back to the Future definitely
touches on some real stuff cuz when the
when the Delorean comes back, it crashes
and the guy has like a little com the
kid has a comic book with like alien
UFOs and he's like, "It has no seams, no
rivets. like it must be an alien UFO or
whatever and it's actually a time travel
machine. So, he's like mistaking it in
real time or whatever. Oh
[laughter]
[gasps]
Damn.
So close.
And then uh and then the guy Towns and
Brown like Doc Brown is EMTT Towns and
EMTT Thomas Towns and Brown.
I was just with Doc Brown. That was
close enough cuz driving to Pasadena
which is where it took place and all
that stuff
which is where Towns and Brown did his
experiment and it's called the flux
capacitor which is Towns and Brown's
experiment as a capacitor
like what what do you make of that is
are they like are there like Hollywood
movies is that scripted in a sort of way
according to Tom Deong it's all on
purpose I think I think
or or is it just like the wild
synchronicities of of life that
simulation? Yeah, I I lean more towards
that because there's so many weird ones
that pop up.
I don't want it. Stephen Steven
Spielberg executive produced it
and he that guy knows some Even if
you look at Close Encounters of the
Third Kind, they're two crates. Those
are like the most advanced R&D programs
at Locked and Northrup respectively that
would have to do with this topic. Like
how would he know about that in like the
late ' 80s? Like
yeah,
I don't know.
Fed some stuff. Yeah.
I don't know who made one of my favorite
ones, Flight of the Navigator. I've told
you about
that's a Disney
Yeah, I know that. But
director Randall Clyer. Never heard of
that name.
I first met Jake Barber at Disneyland.
Rand? Really?
Yeah. He was there with his family and
uh I drove down from LA.
That was also pretty uh crazy uh
interview I thought with Jake.
I thought so too. Like I think it was
too much for people to stomach like the
psychic stuff and the
Yeah.
UFO retrieval stuff all at once.
Yeah. And the fact that he says he's
handled these crafts himself like you
don't hear that stuff very often.
No, he definitely No, I mean it's like
if that's I I don't know, you know,
where to shake out there. Like I think
if he's incredibly sophisticated and
like so everything checks on the surface
like you
it's almost like we'll never know. He's
so he's so sophisticated. And if it is
true, it's the tip of the spear. It's
like that and Lazar and like what what's
farther than that?
There's an assumption that the United
States government is this whole
encompassing thing and they all work
together and they all know everything
and they got computers and they all talk
on chats and emails and everybody's
friends.
That can't now that's nowhere that's
probably the farthest from the truth. it
would have leaked.
And there's multiple different factions,
even within factions and factions within
factions. And
yeah,
maybe there's a small group of three
guys that found something and stored it
in a locker somewhere and like they're
afraid to say what they got cuz they
don't even know and it turns out
and just has more.
This group has 50 of them. That's what
Barbara was saying with the egg. Like
they might not care about the egg
because they have too many. It's like
what a crazy thing to say.
I know. And that's what he said. I was
like,
"What did you do with it then? You just
threw it back like dropped it off in the
ocean? like where did it go? Just left.
We're like how many do we have? And he's
like who is us? He's like sure it's like
all these like factions fighting against
each other.
I imagine if you told some there's got
to be a black market on on the darknet
for
UFOs. What's in that box? Buy it and
find out.
But then how is more ubiquitous?
How is it not more leaked and more Yeah.
Yeah. If it's that many.
No one I just back to the like it's no
one knows. They don't It's hard to
figure it out. you can see something
and not know
if you don't have the right tool to get
in there,
right?
Just in egg shapes.
Yeah. If you find an iPhone in 100
years,
but it can't be but there should be more
concrete like evidence then I feel like
everything is so much more into the
almost a theoretical like you listen to
certain people and they've got this
whole framework kind of figured out but
nothing to kind of show for it.
Yes. Unless unless you have a thousand
if you have over a thousand of the eggs
or whatever then one of them is going to
leak. It just will in the modern day you
know so it has to be like less than that
and yeah there is this whole like
theoretical ontology around a thing that
we don't even know.
We don't even know. Yeah. [laughter]
It's just like crazy to speculate and
and like I think a lot of the ontology
kind of makes sense.
Yeah.
Um when you kind when you listen to
people explain it like that. But again,
you got to have something concrete to
show for it.
For sure. It also could like be a bunch
of different things. Like the things
you're summoning or the things that show
up around nukes that like look like
blobby like lights or whatever aren't
the saucers in, you know, locked
hangingers or whatever. Like those could
be two fundamentally different things.
Yeah.
So, it's just hard to say. Like could be
like a zoo of like there's just like the
spooky science world. the DOE has like a
lock on like a lot of it or whatever
because that's where you have like the
most secret of atomic stuff and then
that's where you would put the most
secret science. It's where we do like
the most you know like intense high
energy physics.
Okay.
Stuff. So
not DARPA but like a different arm.
DARPA is a part of the DOE. So,
so they you you think they have just a
lot of different departments kind of
each specialized to particle physics to
whatever the cloning DNA.
Well, they the DOE also paid for the
human genome experiment. So like they
like have like a lot of genomic data
that you know other departments don't.
They they have the the tightest security
like since Los Alamos. And if you even
look at like the special definition of
nuclear material like in the atomic
energy act of 1954, it's like anything
emitting alpha beta gamma radiation is
like born secret. It's like restricted
data
upon finding it. So you could just
contract out a locked or a Northrep or
whatever and if they like stumble onto a
thing it's like it's like immediately
secret
and then you have these I don't know
like the yeah largest particle
accelerator in the US is like at Brook
Haven National Labs. It's called
Cosmatron.
And so a lot of the secret science stuff
is going on at these DOE sites. And that
M said that too.
Yeah. Do you think that's just from what
I've heard like um you know the
technology in the iPhone, the screen,
whatever um wireless um Wi-Fi, all that
stuff is like kind of leaked from DARPA.
I I just heard that. Do you know have
you corroborated that at all? to some
extent that's 100% true and not
conspiratorial like uh there's a a
search engine called Menx which was pre
Google that DARPA had been experimenting
with you know well before Google ARPA e
created the internet like Jacqu Valet
who's actually a UFO pioneer was like
working with Doug Engelbart on like the
earliest part of the internet in like
the 70s.
Wow. Okay. any uh people from like
Lockheed or Northrup or uh any of those
companies that you have a chance to
maybe um interview and like see from
that angle cuz most of it I feel like
you're coming or
there's a guy I met from Skunk Works
who's like
really smart
doesn't believe in you he thinks like
the UFO stuff is kind of he believes in
UFOs like in the ephemeral like you see
them
side or you see them, you know, like,
you know, around like nuclear sites or
whatever. Okay.
But I don't think he thinks that's the
same thing as like he thinks it's just
human tech like at Locked and other
places.
And so, [clears throat]
but he works for Skunk Works.
He used to used to.
Yeah. For like but like for like 30
years.
Okay. And he but he's he's kind of
trippy and he believes in a lot of like
I think he thinks that we've made a lot
of progress on a lot of like secret tech
that
after he left Lockheed or or
no like even while he was there but like
he kind of hints at stuff like you can't
always like you know what's up guys I
want to tell you about my new favorite
boots. These things are epic. I've been
wearing these everywhere. They're called
Brunt. They're insanely comfortable and
durable. These things last for years and
they're super versatile. I wear them for
hiking, for hanging out. They look
pretty swaggy if you're going out. They
even look good in work meetings. They
feel incredibly comfortable. There's no
annoying breakin period. They just kind
of form fit to your foot right off the
bat. They're lightweight. You don't have
to lug them around, but they're also
super weather resistant, waterproof, and
durable. Brunt is committed to making
sure you're 100% satisfied with your new
gear. With over 500,000 customers
already on board, these boots are the
best in the category. Take it from me.
Brunt makes the most epic, durable, and
comfortable work boots. For a limited
time, our listeners get $10 off at Brunt
by using code Jesse at checkout. Just
head to bruntwork.com
and use code Jesse and you're all set.
Even better, Brunt lets you try all
their products on the job riskfree. Just
go to bruntworkwear.com
and use code Jesse for $10 off. Again,
that's bruntwork.com,
code Jesse. After you purchase, they
will ask you where you heard about them.
Please support our show and tell them
that we sent you.
Well, fellas, enjoyed it.
Great playing, man. It was an honor. It
was an honor. Thank you for uh bringing
yourself [music] down to our [laughter]
level.
Means a lot.
Well, yeah. I We We meet each other
halfway. I I go down on the golf thing
and you go down with the UFO stuff. So,
we meet each other halfway.
No, I mean, I might not know more than
you. you know, [laughter]
it's fascinating to talk about. So,
it it definitely is. And I think I think
there's gonna be a lot of momentum in
this world [music] for like the next I
just I feel like it's in the zeitgeist.
Like there's so much even if it's like a
vague sense that [music] there's just I
don't know. Like you asked me this, you
were like uh what if the UFOs just like
don't go anywhere? And I'm like I I just
don't think that's going to be the case.
And that was like 6 months ago.
Yeah. Yeah.
I would I would believe that it's
[music] going to like keep keep growing.
Take off. Yeah.
Yeah.
Get your
You do a fake walk off or just take off?
[laughter]
You see me drive away.